This document is intended to give a full outline of how the relationship system should work when fully integrated with LORB.  

As far as effecting gameplay, the output of the relationship system is pregancies, which lead to "baby ballers / children" that can be supported or not.  Also once a "baby baller" is born, the relationship status becomes "Baby Mama".  Players can have a bunch of "baby mamas"

Ultimately, we are going to inject these baby ballers in a number of ways.  For the parent of a baby baller, they can have a parenting mode which can impact the progression and relationship for the baby baller.  For others in game, they should actually wind up playing baby ballers when they "Hit the Streets", and if your baby baller beats another player and you have good relationship with your baby baller, you take a cut of their winnings.  

Baby Ballers and Baby Mamas can also appear as random events when "hitting the streets in court view" that can't be skipped. Maybe a Baby Mama pops up randomly and asks for child support payment.  Or a Baby Baller pops up and says "Play a streetball game with me".  Or maybe you have a bad relationship with your child, perhaps they will be fueled by hatred and treat you like a nemesis, improving their stats not via your nurturing, but fueled by neglect.

The point is, there is both a cost and benefit to maintaining baby ballers.  maintaining a good relationship with children can be expensive.  having a bad relationship leads to unpredictable negative events.

how parents treat their children can be tied to an alignment system.  if they nurture their children, good alignment.  if they abandon their children, bad alignment.  i consider the stories of Oedipus and Darth Vader to show the benefits and drawbacks of joining the darkside for inspiration.

in order to get someone pregnant, we may need to give the flirting system more depth to be able to select options that sort of indirectly result in unplanned pregancies, such as "So and So wants to go to your crib, Accept?" could result in a pregnancy.  We could also make it so the user actually doesn't hear about the pregancy until they enter the city again(or season passes the reentry date).  Then they might get approached by a "baby mama" who says "I'm pregnant, take me to the doctor"... we'd create a doctor view, and the doctor will "scan the belly" of the pregant baby mama and give a preview of what the initial random and low stats, as well as a random sprite, of the baby baller would be, and how much child support they'd anticipate being [some babies can be more expensive than others], both as installments or as a lump sum (big discount).  At this point, the player should be given several options: a) abandon child / baby mama [creates nemesises, bad alignment, severs any future relationship gain] b) pay current doctors bill [this effectively pays down a child support balance over time]c) pay lump sum [No more child support payments, big boost in alignment, baby baller gets max relationship perks once child support balance is paid - I don't know what those are exactly, but maybe we could level them up proactively, maybe by spending money, or taking them on as teammates] d) Bill me (only available if player doesn't have enough money - when bill is paid goes towards paying down lifetime child support ).  

We'd want to adjust our schema to track these baby ballers and their progression.  I think they can earn rep the same way players do, if they are encountered in a streetball match and win, they get rep.  Initially baby ballers only appear on the first court until they rep up.  We shouldn't encounter or own children on the courts unless the relationship has soured to the point the baby baller considers us their nemesis.  They might pop up with a random NBA baller like Michael Jordan, and say "Michael Jordan is my dad now!" ... and their progression could be expedited by them taking on all the stats of the new father.  I sort of want to track these sort of "Oedipus/Darth Vader" type matches for a won loss record when these matches happen.

We should also add a section to our crib menu for "Baby Ballers and Baby Mamas" ... from here we can do things like pay off child support, cut someone off from their funds, become an absentee father.

There should also maybe a "monogamy" bonus for baby ballers.  While the player could get multiple baby mamas pregant in one season, this has drawbacks, not only implicitly in having more baby mamas that might come at you for a random expense in a random event "Baby Mama x wants you to buy her a car or else she is going to tell Baby Baller x you are a bad parent (and worsen your relationship or something).  More Baby Mamas more drama.  The other aspect of monogamy bonuses is that it should generate better base stats for the initial baby baller and also reduce child support costs, more bang for you buck, but it comes at the cost of not being able to crank out multiple kids per season.

since these relationship companions only appear to flirt with in one city at a time, I think it would be a good idea to add a way to "fly a relationship to your city" by buying a plane ticket, and then setting them as your traveling companion.  maybe in each city you could take them out to dinner and dancing at the club to increase your relationship rather than flirting with the random women in each city.  I think so long as your relationship level is not zero or less than zero, you should be able to fly someone into your city and take them as a companion.

new minor addition, added after implementational plan, the requirement - we should allow the player to name their children.  we could either do this in the doctor visit, or when the child is "born" although i don't know if we've covered a birth scenario as far as how it would manifest to user.

also another point to consider, added after implementation outline, is perhaps we should still support marriage, if a player has a child in wedlock and has no other baby mamas, there should be no child support.  if a player is married yet polygamous, their spouse should trigger all sorts of negative events as a result of the player "cheating on them" which would potentially outweigh child support costs (and maybe set the player backwards in grater terms than just money) if they just stayed polygamous and only their cash was at risk.  An angry spouse could take rep, help an opponent, create "headaches" that cost money, have someone elses baby (cheat back on their spouse) and have the user pay child support for someone else's kid, unaware that ultimately the benefit will not pay off for them as when the child support is paid off they'll become an asset of the player who the spouse decided to cheat with.  just some thoughts on how a marriage system could extend and change gameplay.