## Trail animations (had working nice before, would be nice to have working better, doesn't effect gameplay accept feedback wise.)
- pass and shot animations have virtually no trails.  i'm not sure if trails for pushes are currently showing either.  A lot of this just probably related to our non-blocking changes, and maybe defining what we want, but trails are definitely less in this version.  I actually don't think I've seen a rebound trail in forever either.  animation wise this is the biggest gap we have.

- would it make sense to use a different frame layer for each type of trail?  so if we had a shot trail we needed to clear, we could do shotTrailFrame.clear() and have like a reboundTrailFrame to take the next set of trails.  I'm not sure if that would make things easier.  passTrailFrame blockTrailFrame shoveTrailFrame blockTrailFrame jumpTrailFrame dunkTrailFrame, maybe it makes sense, maybe it just adds complexity to something we just need to adjust for a non-blocking methods.  if we need some guidance on how trails were rendered before, we have the original monolith backed up somewhere we can refer to.  I don't want to overcomplicate things though.  i guess each of those frames / trail type with the exception of shoving and jumping should/could only have one trail active at a time so maybe it helps.  or maybe we just need to toggle alter something that was working with our previous trails when they were blocking.

## multiplayer sync across halftime / gameover * (must do eventually)
- currently only coordinator goes to halftime view in multiplayer, when they hit spacebar gameplay resumes on non-coordinator view.  halftime and game over screens should show at the same time for both players, there should be no state where the game is over and the players are still on the court vs showing the box score.  

## Overtime, doube overtime, triple overtime, etc, when tied * (must do eventually)
- This scares me to test, but maybe we can just set our game length to like 2 seconds so a tie is super likely.

## increased visual feedback from player sprites and labels (low priority)
- maybe use player nametags with color codes to actions to swap over their names when things occur. for instance a player shoves another their nametag could switch to "SHOVE" real quickly and maybe flash colors.  The player getting shoved could have their nametag switch to "OUCH".  When a player scores or get's a statistic maybe we could show a new frame with a label that shows their statistics and then floats off vertically and disappears from the view.  So like if "Dwight Howard" scored 2 points, we'd show "+2 PTS" and then have the stat animate from Dwight Howard's head off the screen